x. check for mobile layout
x. check if all links work
x. compare pages to current website. i think it trimmed a ton of text from help pages
x. go through each page and clean it up
    - remove dead styles
    - remove empty divs and junk
    - double check they all have their metadata
x. remove the dead branches
x. redo the filestructure to support future growth. primarily in the resources folder.

1. clean up the text and stuff on the contact pages
2. add the button background to the buttons on the project pages
3. remove the "game jam" datatag.
4. the class history tables look a little strange. 
    - primarily because of A+ isnt aligned with just A for example
    - also some class names get smushed onto 2 lines which make gaps
5. maybe make the background a little more visible. just a tiny bit. 
6. for the experience cards, make the top header section be a darker color.
7. try and factor out inline styles and make them be individual classes. 
8. add a rat haven studios website project page (frontend)
9. add a project page for this website. (frontend)
10. change the cursor from the magnifying glass to a normal pointer on lightbox images. 
11. remove the em dashes.
12. center the commands section in the beast code help
13. move the tip calculator screenshots to a screenshot section at the very bottom
14. obsidian attachment placement settings section looks really bad. the beast code one is also a bit rough. needs to be cleaned up
15. the image hoving on project pages (at least LOLSUMMD) is very very sudden and not clean at all
16. the tech links section shouldn't be buttons but instead the arrowed list that exists on the other/documents navpages
17. clean up the game pages, they aren't are vertical as i'd like.
18. the play button on the games doesnt work.
19. update the templates folder with a couple different templates for each of the type of pages
20. run /init to update CLAUDE.md
21. why is the itch.io logo a different colored yellow?
22. add more project that I've worked on to the project pages. 
23. unsure if i like the page breaks on the help pages. probably remove them 
24. make it so the arrowed list items ONLY move if there are links. normal lists should be static. 
25. go back to my language and text.
26. I want ALL the technical pages and stuff to be a big more fleshed out with what actually did. maybe some code examples, etc...
    - i want this because it forces me to review what i've done
    - i also want to have it there in case anyone looks. 
27. determine if the game pages should be more set as project pages now that i have rat haven studios to host more demo pages.
    - i think this is the right way. they serve more as my implementations and stuff. 
    - i can remove the technical stuff once i do the big cleanup.
    